getting into the air is not easy
indeed for many birds it's by far the
most exhausting bit of the whole
business of flight but these shearwaters
here in Japan have adopted a very labor
saving way whoops they've laid the
saving way for diesel they've taken to
climbing trees
this particular tree is by far the most
suitable for takeoff on That Bird they
have come from as far as 40 yards away
wandering across the forest floor in
order to climb it and get to the launch
pad for to speed up a bending the trunk
makes a perfect platform for a takeoff
these share waters will spend most of
their lives in the air they're true
seabirds they only come to land in order
to nest this particular species is
exceptional in nesting and woodland most
of them nests white on the edge of chips
and all of them get into the air by the
simple method of simply falling into
space